[WIP] Release 2.6 (#320)
OPMDG/check_pgactivity: CHANGELOG.md

Changelog
=========

2022-07-04 v2.6:

>   - add: new `session_stats` service

Author: done

  - add: compatibility with PostgreSQL 14
  - change: service `autovacuum` does not show `max_workers` anymore for 8.2 and below
  - change: various messages cleanup
  - fix: `last_vacuum` and `last_analyse` to reports the correct oldest maintenance
  - fix: service `check_oldest_idlexact` now use `state_change` instead of
         `xact_start` to calculate the idle time
  - fix: improve locking around the status file to avoid dead locks and status file truncation
  - fix: possible division by 0 in `table_bloat` service  
  - fix: threshold check and support interval for service `check_stat_snapshot_age`
  - fix: service `check_archiver` when a .history or .backup file is staled

>   - fix: service `sequences_exhausted` now check sequences not owned by a table column

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - fix: service `sequences_exhausted` now checks that sequences are not owned by a table column
```
